README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
   parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
   },
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md with project description

README.md, after:

# Marvel Portal

Marvel Portal is a web application that provides access to Marvel characters and comics. It fetches data from the [Marvel API](https://developer.marvel.com) and allows users to explore lists of characters and comics, as well as individual entries by ID or name.

## Features

- **Marvel Characters & Comics**: Browse lists of characters and comics, with detailed pages for individual entries. In the comics section, users can click to view more information about each comic.
  
- **Character Search**: Search for characters by name on the characters page. Upon entering a valid name, users are redirected to the character's detailed page.

- **Load More Characters**: Load more characters by clicking the "Load More" button, which progressively fetches more characters from the API.

- **Infinite Scroll for Comics**: The comics section features infinite scroll, automatically loading more comics as users browse further down the page.

## Technologies Used

- **Vite**: For fast development and builds.
- **React**: JavaScript library for UI components.
- **TypeScript**: Statically-typed JavaScript for improved code quality.
- **Redux Toolkit & RTK Query**: For efficient state management and API interactions.
- **Emotion & MUI**: Modern CSS-in-JS and Material UI for styling.
- **Formik & Yup**: For form handling and validation.
- **React Router DOM**: For navigation and routing.
- **React Infinite Scroll Component**: Seamless infinite scroll in the comics section.

## Demo

Check out the live demo: [Marvel Portal](https://marvel-portal.onrender.com).
